c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\WikiGame_SP.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\WikiGame_SP.pdb
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\obj\Debug\WikiGame_SP.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\obj\Debug\WikiGame_SP.pdb
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\chany\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WikiGame_SP\WikiGame_SP\obj\Debug\WikiGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
